### Production cycle by enimaroah(Hongfire):
1. export something
2. import in your 3d editor
3. minimal or trivial single change, e.g. pull a vertex a good deal away from its original position
4. export
5. in Sb3UGS import and replace the original, save
6. test in game / poser

### Searching for original items by enimaroah(Hongfire):

https://discordapp.com/channels/447114928785063977/447116603591622666/548963897328140298

### Create .zipmod and steps by Bepis(github):

https://github.com/bbepis/BepisPlugins/wiki/Creating-.zip-mods

### How to use Unity Editor to create assetbundle for Koikatsu by HarvexARC#6374(Discord):

https://discordapp.com/channels/447114928785063977/447116603591622666/593753672618475531

#
  To get involved in modding,make sure you managed your time to learning.For a beginner,understood how to port a accessory could consume 1 day,but for clothe,1 months just a header.
  
  Consider the type of your need.Everyone get into modding start from a need.A need of learning more knowledge,want to reproduce your favorite character,and so on.It unnecessary but will help you to keep your motivation.
  
  Did your question really need to be solved by make a mod or just simply edit some textures?Nowadays we have so many powerful plugins,don't waste your time on a wrong path!
  
  After you well considered,let us really get started!

  First,decide which program you'd like to edit image.Gimp is free and allows to you to simple edit.Photoshop is paid but more powerful than gimp.Affinity photo is cheaper than Photoshop and have similar functions with Photoshop.In this tutorials I will use gimp.

  Second,decide which program you'd like to edit 3d model.Most of modders like to use blender because it's free and basically include all functions you needed.But some of modder is using 3DS MAX or Maya.It's okay if you want to use Cinema 4D,Sketchup or something else.In this tutorials I will use Maya as template.(Not sure other modders will help me to add the other programs way to modding)

  Third,download the newest SB3Utility(https://github.com/enimaroah/SB3Utility/releases) and Unity Editor 5.6.2f1.Unity Editor 5.6.2f1 is the current version which Koikatsu is using.If you want to make mod for the other Illusion games please make sure your unity version is followed.

  SB3UGS(short term of SB3Utility)and Unity are your ways to port your models into Game,in this tutorial I will explain both 2 way.For beginner I suggest to start with SB3UGS,it's more complex than Unity way but you will earn a lot of experience by using that.

  You may seen Production Cycle at the beginning.This is the method that enimaroah suggested,and that's how old modder learn and practice.If you meet unknown stuffs try this method.

  .zipmod equal to .zip,is the most usual mod format for Koikatsu.Unlike Honey Select/Play Home use hardmod,zipmod is easy to manage and won't break your game.Hardmod is the ancient way to package mod but always available.Zipmod is good but it could shut down when sideloader plugin broken.In this tutorial I will introduce both way,but better to use zipmod method if you are modding for Koikatsu/Emotion Creator.
  